docs: explanation around wait time for example link environments (#55)
carbon-design-system/tanstack-carbon: react/README.md

## Data table extensions, `@tanstack/react-table`

> > Upon navigating to one of the Stackblitz or Code sandbox links, the
> > environment will begin starting up and may take a few minutes until the
> > example is loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Upon navigating to a Stackblitz or CodeSandbox example, the environment
> will start up and may take a few minutes until the example is loaded.
```
